You’re really the Eldest Miss of the Qín family?
What do you think?
Then
The investment in building
The big entertainment complex before
Was that a scam too?
Yes, it was a scam
Fù Jiā Hào
You’ve lost
No
No, I haven’t lost
I still have Fù Shì
I can still keep fighting you
Fù Shì?
Sorry
That’s mine now too
What?
You think that one billion
Was so easy to get?
Before taking the money
Why didn’t you use your brain
And check the transfer note?
That wasn’t
Profit sharing at all
It was the payment for acquiring Fù Shì
That’s right, Fù Jiā Hào
Now you’re not just penniless
You’re three billion in debt
Congratulations
Bankrupt again
A true broke-ass nobody